Thank you, [insert city here].

In every election there is a choice, and then there are consequences.

This past year we were faced with a choice between (tolerance/intolerance,###ADD SERIES OF 3).

Unfortunately, too many people chose without considering the consequences.
  ###REWRITE TO NOT SEEM AS CRITICAL/RUDE

Every single day we face those consequences.
  Every single day we wake up in a world unprepared for Donald Trump on a global stage.

  Every single day we wake up in a world reminiscing about the example our previous president set.

  Every single day we wake up to see Donald Trump literally bully from the bully pulpit.
      The President of the United States, who took an oath to "preserve, protect, and defend the Constitution of the United States" and all that it stands for, routinely and carelessly disregards it.
      He and his Republican Party talk a good game when it comes to our American rights, liberty and freedom, but when it comes to taking action they refuse to follow through.

Donald Trump wants to "Make America Great Again," but his idea of great is completely different than ours.
    For Donald Trump, "Great" means embracing ideology that is responsible for killing millions.
                      "Great" means exacting revenge on his political enemies as if he ruled America like a third-world dictatorship.
                      "Great" means endorsing behaviors and practices of pedophilia so that he can secure another vote to return America to the 40's and 50's.

Donald Trump is a con man, and he's hoping to sucker America in the long con.
  First he came for our healthcare, but we told him no, not in our America.
  Next he came for the hardworking middle class in favor of his Wall Street buddies, but we told him no, not in our America.
  All the while he degrades our Democracy and embraces the likes of Vladimir Putin. But our response is the same every time. Not in our America.

If it were up to Donald Trump, there would be no Civil Rights Act, no Voting Rights Act, no Clean Water Act, no Clean Air Act. Social Security and the Affordable Care Act would be gone.
  Donald Trump wants to effectively eliminate the government, as if it were some sort of controlling power.
  He spends too much time listening to Vladimir Putin's lectures.
  We know in America the government is by the people, for the people.
  We are the government, and it is high time we took back control.

We can do that by electing men and women, black, white, hispanic, asian, (maybe even a few orange) who embrace fundamental American values.
  We need people who understand that our elected officials are in Washington to work for us, not the special interests.
  We want to create a government that works for all of us, not just a few of us, and a country that embraces all of us, a more perfect union, the ultimate American dream.

That begins with [pick next stump].
